Documentation and readme cleanup, mima config (#86)
ocadotechnology/sttp-oauth2: README.md

 - [Password grant](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.3)
 - [Client credentials](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.4)

## Quick start

> To use this library add following dependency to yout `build.sbt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this library add the following dependency to your `build.sbt`
```
